If you do more injustice, you will die
Damn it's not me
It's the two of you
What do you say?
Don't make jokes at this ceremony
Wait a minute, the ceremony is over
Our Lei family has entered the Kunlun system
Even the Zhao family wants to be polite to us
You're taking revenge on an ant here
Grandpa, you still don't understand
The gap between you and me now
It's not just about money anymore
Status is the difference between clouds and mud
Enough away
Lord, there is really no way out after blaming
Offended the Lord
There is nothing you can do if you run overseas.
Don't worry, I'll be fine.
I, Zhao, would like to present a gift to the inheritance ceremony
This is 80% of our Zhao family's shares
Wish to dedicate to the Kunlun family for free
Jiejian Building Prosperity
Wow! What's going on?
Zhao Yu has given out shares
Did this ancestor agree?
It seems that this ancestor still has to check and balance the two of us
Anyway, I've prepared an extra righteousness
Master, this is my Lei family's big equity
Chunguo Royal Baptism
And a legacy
This is the imperial baptism from 2000 years ago
Still use it, Colonel
This turned out to be a jade seal
If it's true, your Lei family is dying
If it is really big
This is what the authorities have been looking for